In the last lecture, we created a subscription, stored it on the server,
that's great,
now let's use or work on the server side to send a new push message.
Now before I do that though, here's one important information about the subscription we just stored.
I always emphasize that the subscription refers to a browser on the device and this is true.
It also refers to a given service worker there because as you saw when we set up the subscription, we
set it up through the service worker.
Now if we go to our client application, to the applications tab and click clear site data, we also get
rid of the service worker, at least if we have unregistered servers workers ticked here
and then also get rid of our existing subscriptions.
Of course not on the server because we don't reach out to the server to clear them here.
We better would do that though because these subscriptions on the server won't work anymore if we unregister
the service worker, if we just update it by simply adding code to the service worker, reloading the page,
closing the tab and opening a new one,
so this normal update procedure,
it won't be a problem because there, we won't re-install a completely new one but if we unregister a
service worker, we render all existing subscriptions useless.
So use this with care, that's something you definitely have to keep in mind.
Keep your service worker registered, update it,
whatever you need to do
but if you unregister it, also make sure to clear up your subscriptions on the server because they will
no longer be valid.
Now with that, in the next lecture let's actually start sending push messages.